feat: treat `query_knowledge_sources` results as sensitive by default (#4404)
archestra-ai/archestra: docs/pages/platform-agents.md

When at least one knowledge source is assigned, Archestra automatically adds the built-in [`query_knowledge_sources`](/docs/platform-archestra-mcp-server#query_knowledge_sources) tool to that agent. The model can call it during a run to search across the assigned sources and pull relevant context into its answer.

> The output of `query_knowledge_sources` is treated as untrusted by default and can make later tool calls more restrictive. See [Archestra MCP Server](/docs/platform-archestra-mcp-server#auth) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output of `query_knowledge_sources` is treated as sensitive by default, which can impact the ability to use subsequent tools. See [Archestra MCP Server](/docs/platform-archestra-mcp-server#auth), and [AI Tool Guardrails](/docs/platform-ai-tool-guardrails), for more details.
```

> The output of `query_knowledge_sources` is treated as untrusted by default and can make later tool calls more restrictive. You can configure its tool call policies and tool result policies from **Tool Guardrails** at `/mcp/tool-guardrails`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output of `query_knowledge_sources` is treated as untrusted by default and can make later tool calls more restrictive. See [Archestra MCP Server](/docs/platform-archestra-mcp-server#auth) for more details.
```
